Rasterize - return output as JSON (#13993)
demisto/content: Packs/rasterize/ReleaseNotes/1_0_9.md

#### Integrations
##### Rasterize

> - Add option to return rasterize results as JSON object (image as base64 string)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the option to return the rasterize results as a JSON object (image as a base64 string).
```
